---
layout: post
title:  "Chapter 35"
date:   2018-05-22 19:00:00 +0900
subtitle: "Arriving in Begonia"
author: Shinimodori
background: '/img/posts/vol-2.jpg'
category: Volume 2
tag: Act 0
---

>> ##### Previously on Shinimodori...
>> With the blessings of their family and friends, Eric and Tina Aulin are leaving their village to become Knights in the Kingdom of Begonia.

Some time has passed since we left Aulin Village.
We can no longer hear the farewells of the villagers who came to see us off.

Mr. Jeremias and his two subordinates calmly walked at the front, with me and Tina following them closely behind.

To join the Begonia Knights, and Tina, the Magic Knights, we're leaving our village and heading to the capital.

I cried when everyone came to see us off, but I've since stopped my tears and is walking silently.

「...Eric, did you cry?」

「No I did not」

「Liar, I saw you cried」

「Your eyes is playing tricks on you」

「No way! Eric's crying face is super, super cute!」

「Hey, don't just stop halfway. And no, I did not cry」

I continued to dodge Tina's constant questioning.

...Though I'm not sure if I actually dodged them.

Just a bit more and we'll be out of the forest, reaching the road to the capital.
Mr. Jeremias's carriage should be around here, we'll be taking it to the capital.

「Speaking of, Miss Tina has quite a good stamina」

Mr. Jeremias, who was in the front, turned to us and said.

「We've been in the forest for so long, but your breathing is still fine」

「Ah that's because I've been running in the forest with Eric since we're kids!」

That's right, Tina has been training alongside me ever since I started training. 
So an hour walk in the forest is easy.

「I see. So not only magic, your stamina is good as well. It really feels like you can join the Magic Knights straight away. Looks like I have even more reasons to recommend you now」

「Thank, thank you so much!」

Tina happily gave her thanks, and then secretly shot me a victory sign with a grin.

I also think that Tina is excellent in both magic and physically.

The two armor-clad soldiers behind us were panting heavily.

「Hah, hah...Drats! We need to do our best too!」

「Hah, hah...Of course! We have to train more when we get back!」

These two must have been hit hard when they lost to Tina yesterday.

And then after seeing their own heavy panting compared to Tina's today, the humiliation has since became fuel for motivation. 

Well, I do think it's mostly due to their armor weighing around 5kg, and them being foreign to walking in these woods, so it's normal to be like this.

But then, Tina is carrying some heavy luggages as well...

So the two of them also want to be full of stamina like Mr. Jeremias? To that, I say, good luck.

After awhile, we finally left the forest, and saw the main road.
There's a carriage waiting, it must be Mr. Jeremias's.

The carriage itself is big enough for more than 5 people, looks like a two-horse carriage.

「Well then, please take a seat. You two will have to be the coachmen」

「Yes, sir!」

「Finally some rest...」

Mr. Jeremias ordered his men to let Tina and I enter the carriage.

Even though I felt bad for those two, but at least they can take a break from those heavy armor. It should be fine, I hope.

Moments after me and Tina, as well as Mr. Jeremias entered the carriage, it started moving.

「We should reach the capital at around two hours time. Do rest easy until then」

「Ah, yes」

Even if you said that, there's nothing else to do anyway.

Oh right, he mentioned before that reasons for Tina's recommendation increased. How about we add even more to the pile.

「Mr. Jeremias, you mentioned before that I was the one who took down Felix right」

「Yes, I think it's really amazing that a single person can take down such a dangerous person」

「No, that's not what happened. I did not defeat him by myself, I would've lost without Tina's magic」

「...What do you mean?」

「Yes, the truth is──」

I told Mr. Jeremias who will be recommending Tina to the Magic Knights Grandmaster the entire story of how we defeated Felix.

That is, how Tina protected me from Felix's magic, enchanted me with her magic, and then defeated Felix together.

「Magic Enchantment?! Miss Tina can even use intermediate magic?」

「Ah yes! Yes, I can!」

Tina stammered with the sudden focus on her, but still answered.

「Eric's the one who taught me... He can use them too!」

「Eric can use magic too?!」

「Yes! After all, all of my magic are taught by Eric!」

「This is really amazing...」

「Yeah! Eric is super awesome!」

Huh? Before I knew it, I became the topic of the conversation.

「Even thought I'm the one who taught her, but she has long since surpassed me in magic」

Speaking of me teaching her magic, it might sound good in theory, but I think I have actually hindered her growth.
If I had a better understanding of magic, and was better than Tina, she would've had more growth by now.

But now, she has surpassed my magic in every way, be it magic power or any type of magic.

Although this is old news, Tina's growth has become extremely slow since then.
It might also be that I'm concerned for her, but the main reason is that there is no one who can teach her here.

So if Tina joins the Magic Knights, I hope she can further hone her talents.

「That right... It's great that Tina can already use intermediate magic at her age. To be honest, the minimum requirements of joining the Magic Knights is the ability to cast intermediate magic, so you've met that part too」

「Is that so! Ahhh, so does this means Eric can join the Magic Knights too?」

「According to the rules, yes」

「Eric! Then let's join the Magic Knights together!」

Tina said excitedly after hearing what Mr. Jeremias has said.

「I'm better with swords, so I'm more suitable for the Knights」

「Owh... I knew that」

Having said that, apparently I can join the Magic Knights too huh.
Despite being far weaker than Tina's, I still trained my magic since I was little.

But due to Tina, I even felt that I have zero talent in magic, but could it be that the comparison is too unfair from the beginning...?
After all, there's people who can't use magic at all... So maybe that's actually the case.

After we talked in the carriage for awhile longer, we heard from the soldier-coachman.

「Grandmaster! We'll be reaching the Capital in a bit!」

「Ah, we are near. I didn't expect it to be so fast」

Has it been two hours?

Tina leaned out of the carriage and looked to the front.

「Wow! What a big wall!」

I followed suit. 

Looks like the capital has been surrounded by huge walls, and all that could be seen in front was the big white city walls.
The height looks to be around fifty meters.
This might be the biggest outer walls I've seen, both lives combined.

「Is this the first time for you two to come to the capital?」

Noticing our reactions, Mr. Jeremias asked.

「Yes, that's right」

「Yes! It's so big!」

I've used to big cities in my past life, but this is the first time for Tina, so she was very excited.

「It might be a little premature, but welcome to the Capital of Begonia」

----

>> ##### Translator's Note
>> I put 魔法付与 as Magic Enchantment, it's the Wind magic Tina used on Eric back in the fight with Felix. Let me know if there's a better term. And if anyone's interested in editing/proof-reading, contact me!

- [Manga: TBD][manga-link]
- [Web Novel][novel-link]

[manga-link]: https://mangadex.org/title/41744/shi-ni-modori-subete-wo-sukuu-tame-ni-saikyou-he-to-itaru
[novel-link]: https://ncode.syosetu.com/n0569es/35/