---
layout: post
title:  "Chapter 20"
date:   2018-05-08 14:00:00 +0900
subtitle: "Lack of Strength"
author: Shinimodori
background: '/img/posts/vol-1.jpg'
category: Volume 1
tag: Act 2
---
> (Tina POV)

As I approached Eric, he collapsed after exhausting his strength. He thanked me and then passed out.

「Eric!」

This is the first time I've seen Eric this tired. Although I've been watching Eric trains all this time, I have never seen him so exhausted.

What if he doesn't wake up from this...!
I thought the worst.
What should I do...?!

「Oh right, Heal!」

Thinking of what I could do, I slowly laid Eric down and began to accumulate magic.

Although I'm also tired from using magic multiple times today, but that's nothing compared to Eric...!

Accumulation of magic also requires strength. I was panting heavily as I attempt to accumulate and use magic.

「Please, live! Eric...!『Heal』!」

It's like my body strength and energy have been pulled out from me in an instant. For the first time in my life that I'm putting my all into this magic, I never imagined it'd be this tiring.

「Ugh...!」

In an instant, I began to lose my consciousness, but I tried my best to hold on.

The injuries on his body began to heal.
The surface injuries are basically just his leg, but his internal organs have suffered severe damages.

Eric spit out blood from his mouth suddenly. This means that he has internal bleeding.

My recovery magic is light magic, it's really effective for surface injuries, but it'll take time for internal ones. Eric once told me that internal injuries require the use of water-based recovery magic.

But since he has never suffered such serious internal injuries, I have never have the chance to learn it...!

I felt like crying from my powerlessness and inability, yet I continued to use my magic hoping for his quick recovery.

「Hah, hah...!」

My breathing started to speed up, as Eric's figure in my eyes started to blur.

「Eric...! Please don't die...!」

As I pushed myself to use magic, I head some voices coming from the village.

「Master Dian! Please don't move recklessly!」

「My son is still fighting, how can I stay still! I'm no such men!」

Looks like Uncle Dian is coming here, despite getting obstructed by the two hunters.

「Eric——! I can still fight!」

As I turn towards the direction of the voices, I saw him standing at the damaged wall with his greatsword.

「Hm? Where's that man...?」

「Master Dian, Eric is unconscious!」

「What?! Is he alright?!」

「How about little Tina?! I've never seen such devastating battlefield before...!」

The three approached us after seeing the two of us. I continued my magic as I tried my best to explain the situation to them.。

「That man, has been defeated...! But Eric is still in danger...!」

「I see, little Tina」

Uncle Dian looks towards the far end of our location, he must be observing the fallen Felix.

「Thanks for your magic, little Tina, but you may rest now」

Uncle Dian roughly rubbed my head and said. He must have realized I've been forcibly using my magic.

「But, Eric...!」

「He'll be fine. Don't worry, my son won't die that easily, so rest your mind and sleep.」

Once I heard his words, even if Eric isn't out of danger yet, I start to feel relief. Perhaps because of this, all the fatigue and sleepiness flushed over me in an instant.

「Then.. please take care of.. Eric..」

My voice is softer than I expected, I prayed that he heard it.

「Just leave it to me, little Tina. You've worked hard」

Right after this, I exhausted myself and passed out like Eric did.

◇　◇　◇

> (Dian POV)

I, am weak.

I thought as I supported the unconscious little Tina from falling.

I should've been the one to fight with the demon, but Eric ends up being the one to do so. Even if I fought with him, there was nothing I could do as I get knocked down.

Without Tina, I would be dead by now. It's only due of her magic that I even survived such grave injuries.

Even without me, Eric single-handedly, no, likely along with Tina, the two of them defeated such a dangerous man.

A man among men? What bullshit...!
I...can't even protect my own children...!

Looking at the unconscious Eric with a sullen face, I clenched my fist.

「Hey, you two! Let's bring back these two! I'll carry Eric! 

「Wait, Master Dian, you're gravely hurt too, please don't overexert yourself! 

「Yeah! Just let the two of us do it! 

Even these hunters are worried about me...

But they aren't wrong, I'm still faltering. Not to mention Eric has a lot of muscle and is quite heavy, it would be trouble if I dropped him.

Ah well.

「Then let me take little Tina! You guys get Eric!」

Tina is very light, I should be able to do it even in this state.

「Eh... Master Dian, we didn't know you have this kind of interest.」

「Master Dian, you already have a beautiful wife...」

「What the fu..! Are you talking about?!」

「「So..sorry!」」

I roared angrily, and the two apologized immediately.

Goodness, my devotion to Serena will never waver.

I picked up Tina. She's so light... How could I ever let a kid exhaust herself using magic to the point of passing out.

I walked towards the village, the two hunters behind me also picked up Eric by his arms, and started moving him as they supported his body.

However...

Now that I've finally calmed down, I started thinking as I was reminded of some questions I've have so far.

Eric's actions, it's like he already knew of an impending monster attack, as well as that demon's arrival.

Even the stone wall that surrounded the village. It's impossible without knowing it beforehand.

Eric disappeared during his birthday festival, and he was already here as the monster horde approach. If he didn't know where they're coming from, he won't be able to respond that fast.

Then, I was also reminded of similar situations I've had in the past. Like that time when I found out Eric can use magic, I was so proud of him for having magical talents at the time. However, is self-taught magic even possible? I took a peek at the still-unconscious Eric.

Eric, what exactly do you know...?

----

>> ##### Translator's Note
>> This chapter isn't in the manga, hope you enjoyed reading it!

- [Manga: None][manga-link]
- [Web Novel][novel-link]

[manga-link]: https://mangadex.org/title/41744/shi-ni-modori-subete-wo-sukuu-tame-ni-saikyou-he-to-itaru
[novel-link]: https://ncode.syosetu.com/n0569es/20/